API-6698: document auto access (#729)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.3/index.mdx

    "access": {
      "groups": [
        0
      ]
    },
    "conditions": {
      "customer_geolocation": {
        "values": [
          {
            "country": "United States",
            "country_code": "US"
          }
        ]
      },
      "customer_domain": {
        "values": [
          {
            "value": "livechat.com",
            "exact_match": true
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
]
```

</CodeResponse>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Delete Auto Access

Deletes an existing `auto access` data structure specified by its ID.

#### Specifics

|                |                                                                                  |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL     | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/delete_auto_access`       |
| Required scopes| `access_rules:rw`                                                                |

| Parameter              | Required     | Data type | Notes                         |
| ---------------------- | ------------ | --------- | ----------------------------- |

> | `id`                   | Yes          | `string`  | auto access ID          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`                   | Yes          | `string`  | Auto access ID          |
```

Author: Fixed + some more docs generated

Deletes an existing `auto access` data structure specified by its ID.

#### Specifics

|                |                                                                                  |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL     | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/delete_auto_access`       |
| Required scopes| `access_rules:rw`                                                                |

| Parameter              | Required     | Data type | Notes                         |
| ---------------------- | ------------ | --------- | ----------------------------- |
| `id`                   | Yes          | `string`  | Auto access ID                |

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/delete_auto_access \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -d '{
    "id": "pqi8oasdjahuakndw9nsad9na"
  }'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Reorder Auto Access

> Moves an existing `auto access` data structure, specified by `id`, in front of another, specified by `next_id`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moves an existing `auto access` data structure, specified by `id`, before another one, specified by `next_id`. 
```

> If `next_id` is empty, then the auto access will be placed at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `next_id` is empty, then the auto access will be placed at the end of the list.
```

#### Specifics

|                |                                                                                  |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL     | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/reorder_auto_access`      |
| Required scopes| `access_rules:rw`                                                                |

| Parameter              | Required     | Data type | Notes                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------- | ------------ | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `id`                   | Yes          | `string`  | ID of the auto access to move                                                                                             |

> | `next_id`              | No           | `string`  | ID of the auto access which should follow the moved auto access. Leave empty if the moved auto access should be the last. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `next_id`              | No           | `string`  | ID of the auto access that should follow the moved auto access. Leave empty if the moved auto access should be the last. |
```

> | `next_id`              | No           | `string`  | ID of the auto access which should follow the moved auto access. Leave empty if the moved auto access should be the last. |

Reviewer: (...) should be the last one on the list.
(...) should be at the end of the list.
(...) should be the last one.

It just feels like this sentence is missing something.

Author: Rewritten using `should be the last one on the list`

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.3/configuration/action/reorder_auto_access \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -d '{

>     "id": "pqi8oasdjahuakndw9nsad9na"

Reviewer 2: Maybe example should actually include the next_id?

Reviewer: Good idea 👆🏻

Author: In each of the methods the `next_id` param is optional, and I used it in other examples, so I figured I'd leave one out ;) But no problem, I can add it here too.

Author: Fixed nao
